README.md, before:

# Demystify AI - AKA. Crash and Burn

## How to run

> [!NOTE]
> Always use `pnpm` and not `npm`. This repo has copies/references to other repos. So even if some app instructs you to use `npm`, please use `pnpm` instead.

As we are using Turborepo, you can install and run everything from the root of the repo. However, feel free to explore the individual apps and packages as well (there should be a readme file for each app).

1. In project root, run `pnpm install` to install all dependencies
2. Run something!
   1. Janus demo - `pnpm run dev:janus`
   2. DeepSeek demo - `pnpm run dev:deepseek`
   3. The API - `pnpm run dev:api`
   4. The web - `pnpm run dev:web`
   5. Fullstack - `pnpm run dev`
3. Open a Chrome based browser and go to `http://localhost:5180` (or whatever port is used)

## Project Structure

This is a Turborepo-managed monorepo with the following structure:

```
├── apps/                     # Applications
│   ├── api/                  # Backend API implementation
│   ├── web/                  # Frontend web application
│   ├── deepseek-r1-webgpu/   # Demo app for DeepSeek on WebGPU
│   └── janus-pro-webgpu/     # Demo app for Janus Pro on WebGPU
├── packages/                 # Shared packages
│   ├── domains/              # Core domain logic and schemas
│   ├── api/                  # API-facing DTO schemas
│   └── types/                # Shared utility types and enums
├── docs/                     # Documentation
└── infra/                    # Infrastructure configuration
```

## Architecture Overview

This project follows Domain-Driven Design (DDD) principles with a clear separation between:

- **Domain logic** (`packages/domains`) - Core business logic, schema definitions, and repository interfaces
- **API layer** (`apps/api`) - Backend implementation including routes and repository implementations
- **Frontend** (`apps/web`) - Next.js application for user interaction
- **Demo applications** - WebGPU demos for AI models like Janus and DeepSeek

## Development Guidelines

Please review [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed information on:

- Code organization and folder structure
- Naming conventions
- Import patterns and package boundaries
- Architecture guidelines

## Documentation

For more information about the architecture, tools, and references:

- [Architecture Documentation](./docs/architecture.md)
- [VS Code Setup](./docs/vs-code.md)
- [External References](./docs/references.md)

Commit message:

live coding 2 (#11)
* Delete existing implementation

* Remove missing imports

* Huge edit by AI agent

* Second wave AI agent edits

* Fixed type errors and installed missing packages

* Missing imports

* Lint

* Remove usage of openai - We didn't ask for this, but Copilot might be biased? 😅

* Asked Copilot to create a @workspace/env package to replace and centralize environment variable management

* Bad Copilot. Let's remove and try again

* Documentation

* Doc

* Use ZodTypeProvider for type validation

* Copilot: Create API implementation of document use cases

* vector-store integration interface and use it as main integration for use-cases

* Wrong type

* Use tags in openapi schema to improve separation

* Use env for collection name

* Removed contradicting and over-aingineered (TM)

* Refine contributing guide: clarify folder structure and use-case organization

* Align arch doc with the rest

* Improve doc

* Added use-case for ai chat + ai-service interfaces

* Draft chat routes

* Working RAG chat route 🙌

* Remove prior another attempt

* Routes for chat use-cases

README.md, after:

# Demystify AI - AKA. Crash and Burn

## How to run

> [!NOTE]
> Always use `pnpm` and not `npm`. This repo has copies/references to other repos. So even if some app instructs you to use `npm`, please use `pnpm` instead.

As we are using Turborepo, you can install and run everything from the root of the repo. However, feel free to explore the individual apps and packages as well (there should be a readme file for each app).

1. In project root, run `pnpm install` to install all dependencies
2. Run something!
   1. Janus demo - `pnpm run dev:janus`
   2. DeepSeek demo - `pnpm run dev:deepseek`
   3. The API - `pnpm run dev:api`
   4. The web - `pnpm run dev:web`
   5. Fullstack - `pnpm run dev`
3. Open a Chrome based browser and go to `http://localhost:5180` (or whatever port is used)

> [!NOTE]
> Some apps require a `.env` file, often there is a `.env.example` file in the app folder. Copy it to `.env` and fill in the required values.

## Development Guidelines

Please review [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed information on:

- Code organization and folder structure
- Naming conventions
- Import patterns and package boundaries
- Architecture guidelines

## Documentation

For more information about the architecture, tools, and references:

- [Architecture Documentation](./docs/architecture.md)
- [VS Code Setup](./docs/vs-code.md)
- [External References](./docs/references.md)
