docs/prompts/web-ui.md, before:

I need to create a chat interface for an AI assistant application. The backend uses a RESTful API with the following endpoints:

## API Endpoints

### Conversation Management

- `POST /conversations` - Create a new conversation
- `GET /conversations` - List all conversations
- `GET /conversations/:id` - Get a specific conversation
- `DELETE /conversations/:id` - Delete a conversation
- `GET /conversations/:id/messages` - Get messages from a conversation
- `POST /conversations/:id/messages` - Add a message to a conversation

### Chat Completion

- `POST /conversations/:id/completions` - Get AI completions (supports streaming)
- `POST /documents` - Add documents to the knowledge base for RAG
- `POST /simple-chat` - Test endpoint for simple chat interactions
- `GET /hi` - Test endpoint that returns a greeting

## Request/Response Examples

### Create a new conversation

```json
// POST /conversations
// Request
{
  "title": "New AI Discussion"
}

// Response (200)
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "id": "conv123",
    "title": "New AI Discussion",
    "createdAt": "2025-05-02T10:15:30Z",
    "updatedAt": "2025-05-02T10:15:30Z",
    "messages": []
  }
}
```

Add message to conversation

```json
// POST /conversations/conv123/messages
// Request
{
  "content": "How does neural network training work?",
  "role": "user"
}

// Response (200)
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "id": "msg456",
    "role": "user",
    "content": "How does neural network training work?",
    "createdAt": "2025-05-02T10:16:45Z"
  }
}
```

Generate AI completion

```json
// POST /conversations/conv123/completions
// Request
{
  "message": "Explain quantum computing in simple terms"
}

// Response (200) - Non-streaming
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [
    {
      "id": "msg456",
      "role": "user",
      "content": "Explain quantum computing in simple terms",
      "createdAt": "2025-05-02T10:18:22Z"
    },
    {
      "id": "msg457",
      "role": "assistant",
      "content": "Quantum computing is like having a super-powerful calculator...",
      "createdAt": "2025-05-02T10:18:25Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

Streaming response format
For streaming responses, the client should set Accept: text/event-stream header. The server will send Server-Sent Events (SSE) in this format:

```text
data: {"id":"conv123","content":"Quantum","done":false}

data: {"id":"conv123","content":" computing","done":false}

data: {"id":"conv123","content":" is","done":false}

...

data: {"id":"resultMessageId","content":"","done":true}
```

Add document for RAG

```json
// POST /documents
// Request
{
  "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) is intelligence demonstrated by machines...",
  "metadata": {
    "title": "Introduction to AI",
    "source": "Wikipedia",
    "date": "2025-05-01"
  }
}

// Response (200)
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "id": "doc789"
  }
}
```

Please create a modern, responsive chat interface with the following features:

1. Ability to create, list, and switch between conversations
2. Message history display with user and AI messages properly styled
3. Message input area with send button
4. Support for streaming responses (showing AI responses as they're generated)
5. Loading states for all API interactions
6. Error handling with user-friendly messages

Commit message:

live coding 2 (#11)
* Delete existing implementation

* Remove missing imports

* Huge edit by AI agent

* Second wave AI agent edits

* Fixed type errors and installed missing packages

* Missing imports

* Lint

* Remove usage of openai - We didn't ask for this, but Copilot might be biased? 😅

* Asked Copilot to create a @workspace/env package to replace and centralize environment variable management

* Bad Copilot. Let's remove and try again

* Documentation

* Doc

* Use ZodTypeProvider for type validation

* Copilot: Create API implementation of document use cases

* vector-store integration interface and use it as main integration for use-cases

* Wrong type

* Use tags in openapi schema to improve separation

* Use env for collection name

* Removed contradicting and over-aingineered (TM)

* Refine contributing guide: clarify folder structure and use-case organization

* Align arch doc with the rest

* Improve doc

* Added use-case for ai chat + ai-service interfaces

* Draft chat routes

* Working RAG chat route 🙌

* Remove prior another attempt

* Routes for chat use-cases

docs/prompts/web-ui.md, after:

# Chat Interface for AI Assistant Application

At this point we have a complete and working API. We are using Fastify, ZodTypeProvider and Swagger plugin, hence we automatically have a complete OpenAPI schema. We can use this schema to generate a complete client for the API.

However, as the OpenAPI schema does not describe any expectations for the UI, nor does it describe the fact that streaming is to be used, we need to add a bit more to the V0 prompt than just the OpenAPI schema.

I asked Github Copilot to create the prompt with the following prompt (the inception...):

```markdown
I will use a external AI tool to create a chat interface for the routes in #file:routes.ts . Help me create a suitable prompt that includes example requests and responses in JSON format
```

This provided the following prompt

## V0 Prompt

I need to create a chat interface for an AI assistant application. The backend uses a RESTful API with the following endpoints:

## API Endpoints

### Conversation Management

- `POST /conversations` - Create a new conversation
- `GET /conversations` - List all conversations
- `GET /conversations/:id` - Get a specific conversation
- `DELETE /conversations/:id` - Delete a conversation
- `GET /conversations/:id/messages` - Get messages from a conversation
- `POST /conversations/:id/messages` - Add a message to a conversation

### Chat Completion

- `POST /conversations/:id/completions` - Get AI completions (supports streaming)
- `POST /documents` - Add documents to the knowledge base for RAG
- `POST /simple-chat` - Test endpoint for simple chat interactions
- `GET /hi` - Test endpoint that returns a greeting

## Request/Response Examples

### Create a new conversation

```json
// POST /conversations
// Request
{
  "title": "New AI Discussion"
}

// Response (200)
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "id": "conv123",
    "title": "New AI Discussion",
    "createdAt": "2025-05-02T10:15:30Z",
    "updatedAt": "2025-05-02T10:15:30Z",
    "messages": []
  }
}
```

Add message to conversation

```json
// POST /conversations/conv123/messages
// Request
{
  "content": "How does neural network training work?",
  "role": "user"
}

// Response (200)
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "id": "msg456",
    "role": "user",
    "content": "How does neural network training work?",
    "createdAt": "2025-05-02T10:16:45Z"
  }
}
```

Generate AI completion

```json
// POST /conversations/conv123/completions
// Request
{
  "message": "Explain quantum computing in simple terms"
}

// Response (200) - Non-streaming
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [
    {
      "id": "msg456",
      "role": "user",
      "content": "Explain quantum computing in simple terms",
      "createdAt": "2025-05-02T10:18:22Z"
    },
    {
      "id": "msg457",
      "role": "assistant",
      "content": "Quantum computing is like having a super-powerful calculator...",
      "createdAt": "2025-05-02T10:18:25Z"
    }
  ]
}
```

Streaming response format
For streaming responses, the client should set Accept: text/event-stream header. The server will send Server-Sent Events (SSE) in this format:

```text
data: {"id":"conv123","content":"Quantum","done":false}

data: {"id":"conv123","content":" computing","done":false}

data: {"id":"conv123","content":" is","done":false}

...

data: {"id":"resultMessageId","content":"","done":true}
```

Add document for RAG

```json
// POST /documents
// Request
{
  "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) is intelligence demonstrated by machines...",
  "metadata": {
    "title": "Introduction to AI",
    "source": "Wikipedia",
    "date": "2025-05-01"
  }
}

// Response (200)
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "id": "doc789"
  }
}
```

Please create a modern, responsive chat interface with the following features:

1. Ability to create, list, and switch between conversations
2. Message history display with user and AI messages properly styled
3. Message input area with send button
4. Support for streaming responses (showing AI responses as they're generated)
5. Loading states for all API interactions
6. Error handling with user-friendly messages
